`Button/ButtonSet` - Documentation for "equal size" and "loading states" (#1730)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/button/partials/code/how-to-use.md

<Hds::Button @text="Back to homepage" @icon="arrow-left" @route="index" />
```

### Loading state

> If the button needs to toggle between an "idle" and a "loading" state, we suggest to apply a width to it (via inline style or via CSS class) to prevent the button to resize on click (and potentially cause layout shifts):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the button needs to toggle between an "idle" and a "loading" state, we suggest applying a width to it (via inline style or CSS class) to prevent the button from resizing on click (and potentially causing layout shifts):
```

!!! Info

> While applying an explicit with to the button it's possible in general, we suggest to limit the application of this override **only** to this specific use case and let the button resize accordingly to its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While applying an explicit width to the button is possible in general, we suggest limiting the application of this override **only** to this specific use case and letting the button resize accordingly to its content.
```
